Sales/Support Contacts Welcome, Dan

Home
My CareerBuilder
Products
Solutions
Resources
$0.00 Checkout
Release RDB License
Site Security
Help
Jobs & Applications
Resume Search
Data Portals
Talent Network
Account Tools
Return to Resume Results
xtarheel
Send Email Forward Highlight On Hide PrintPrint
Report the ResumeReport
Personal Information
Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	xtarheeljmi*yahoo.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	7/22/2005
Last Activity:	7/22/2005

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	No	Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

Jon M. Isley 2*40 Keewahdin Rd, Apt 227, Ft Gratiot, MI 4*059 •
*10-3*5-1*62 (H) 419-349-0539 (Cell) * mailto:xtarheeljmi*yahoo.com

GENERAL MANAGER/MANUFACTURING MANAGER/OPERATIONS MANAGER
Versatile, value-added performer with broad expertise, a consistent
bottom-line focus and leadership results in resource management,
process improvement, productivity gains and customer service.

SKILL AREAS

Costing
Customer Service/Sales
Distribution
Engineering
Government Contracts
Import/Export
Inventory Control
Materials Management
Organizational Development
Plant Management
Process Reengineering
Production Control (Lean Mfg)
Production Scheduling
Purchasing
Statistical Process Control
Total Quality Management
Vendor Sourcing (Domestic & International)
Warehousing
MS Office Suite
5S

EXPERIENCE

Co-Manager
HOLIDAY RETIREMENT CORP-BLUE WATER LODGE, Ft Gratiot, MI 2005-Pres
Oversee the day-to-day operations, marketing and administration of a
luxury retirement facility with 119 units housing 110 residents.
Facility provides meals and transportation.

General Manager/Operations Manager
KEYSTONE RESTYLING PRODUCTS, Toledo, OH 2000-2004
Oversee administration and operations for a manufacturer of open-molded
fiberglass parts for the automotive restyling aftermarket. Direct
purchasing and inventory control, production scheduling and control,
quality assurance, shipping and receiving, engineering, safety and
human resources for a company with approximately $3 million in annual
sales and up to 33 employees.
* Negotiated $50,000 in reduced pricing on component materials,
supplies and services, first year.
* Doubled mold productivity by implementing night shift.
• Achieved dramatic improvements in production scheduling and
on-time delivery by developing a paint-scheduling system that
facilitated tracking of finished parts.
* Reduced manufacturing labor cost to under 21% of total cost
through enhanced production scheduling and higher worker performance
standards.

Consultant 1999-2000; Vice President Manufacturing 1996-1999
HAAS-JORDAN COMPANY, Toledo, OH 1996-2000
Directed production and screen printing of golf umbrellas and
photographic light control products for a division with 30 employees
and up to $7 million in annual sales. Managed engineering, purchasing,
inventory control, production control, quality assurance, distribution,
personnel and safety functions.
* Halved production costs by purchasing major components abroad and
continuing only cost-effective finishing operations in-house.
* Cut throughput cost 35% by careful analysis and improvement of the
screen-printing process.
* Maintained 97% on-time delivery through production restructuring,
judicious inventory control and numerous efficiency improvements.

Director of Manufacturing, Garment Division
MEDLINE INDUSTRIES, Mundelein, IL 1994-1996
Produced 10,000 dozen textile-related, hospital and medical apparel
items per week through four North American production facilities.
Managed purchasing, inventory control, production, process
reengineering/automation, plant loading, contract labor, cost control,
quality assurance and product development.
• Introduced system-wide, shop-load technique that facilitated
adequate staffing to complete and ship 97% of orders within 24 hours of
receipt.
* Saved $500,000 in annual labor costs by adding sewing capability
to existing plant in Mexico.
* Realized $250,000 annual savings in labor and materials by
automating and centralizing cutting and spreading operations.
* Delivered an $*0,000 reduction in annual labor costs while
significantly improving productivity and quality through installation
of automatic pocket and sleeve hemming equipment.
* Saved over $50,000 in material costs through construction analysis
and redesign of products.
* Saved $20,000 in annual payroll through implementation of a
piecework-based payroll system.

Manager, Sewn Product Development
NATIONAL INDUSTRIES FOR THE BLIND (NIB), St Louis, MO 19*7-1994
Developed and adapted products for sewing by blind operators in a
controlled-workshop environment. Sought government and institutional
alliances for products including sweat suits, quilted coat liners,
military equipage, bedding, medical clothing, brooms, mops, flags,
pennants and personal-safety apparel.
Researched and analyzed costs; sourced and purchased materials and
equipment; designed workstation adaptations, processes and plant
layout; trained employees and conducted systems troubleshooting.
* Prepared for government compliance inspections; partnered with
government agencies in product development/design.
• Played an instrumental role in providing hundreds of blind workers
nationwide with meaningful employment via state-of-the-art equipment
and cost-effective processes.
* Achieved fabric savings of up to 20% through installation of a
Microdynamics computer-aided pattern marking system.
* Led development and managed purchase and distribution of component
materials for sweat suits manufactured for the U.S. Army by 14
workshops for the blind. At peak production, this program represented
$25 million in annual sales and created over 200 jobs.
* Managed production of 42*,000 flyer’s kit bags by nine workshops
over 12 months. Executed central fabric buy and provided
manufacturing/technical assistance to participating workshops.
* Pioneered joint effort with Federal Prison Industries to develop
new hospital-bedding concept.

President/Owner
AMEREL JEROLD CORP., Smithfield, NC 19*1-19*6
Directed operations and administration for 90,000 sq ft manufacturing
plant producing men’s and women’s blazers, outerwear, children’s wear
and sportswear on a contract basis (19*1-19*6). Oversaw engineering,
production, quality control, financial reporting, sales/marketing and
human resources functions. Employed up to 275 and generated
multimillion dollar sales at peak production.
* Facilitated concurrent production of numerous styles and leveraged
employee earnings above industry norms by strengthening operator
training. Also delivered dramatic reductions in absenteeism (to 5%) and
turnover (to 90%) where industry norms of 10% and 150%, respectively,
were not uncommon.
* Decreased manufactured seconds and irregulars to under 2% by
tightening quality standards.
* Partnered with suppliers to design unique equipment features
accommodating knit shirt production in facility formerly producing
coats and blazers. Achieved full production capability three months
after conversion.
* Setup and operated a 50,000 sq ft warehouse and distribution
facility for an importer of men’s suits and cashmir overcoats.
Responsibilities included receiving, shipping, order pulling, inventory
control, traffic management and personnel management.

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Engineering Technology; Major: Industrial Management
Georgia Tech, Southern Technical Institute Division, Marietta, GA
Jon M. Isley Page 2

Recent Activity
FoldersManage Folders
Save To Folder Save Resume To Folder...
This resume has not been saved to folder
My TagsManage Tags
+Add Tag
Review Candidate
My Flags:
Good Candidate
Needs Further Review
Unacceptable
My Rating:

Hiring Stage:

Notes:


Review History
No Reviews Found


Help Customer Service: *00-*91-***0Sales: *77-FILL-A-JOB (*77-345-5256)
CareerBuilder Info
About Us
Work at CareerBuilder
Affiliate Program
Advertising Info
Privacy
Fraud
Terms & Conditions
Connect via Social Media
Employers and Recruiters
Employers Home
Post a Job
Resource Center
Source & Screen
Recruitment Software
Empowering Employment
The Hiring Site (Blog and Articles)
Employer Sales: *77-FILL-A-JOB
CareerBuilder International
United Kingdom
Canada
Germany
France
Netherlands
Sweden
Greece
India
Spain
See All International
Partner Sites
AOL.com
USAToday.com
Univision.com
Tribune Company
McClatchy Company
Gannett Company
Full Partner List
