Sales/Support Contacts Welcome, Dan

Home
My CareerBuilder
Products
Solutions
Resources
$0.00 Checkout
Release RDB License
Site Security
Help
Jobs & Applications
Resume Search
Data Portals
Talent Network
Account Tools
Return to Resume Results
Accounting/Administrative
Send Email Download Forward Highlight On Hide PrintPrint
Report the ResumeReport
Personal Information
Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	sjtmatthews15*yahoo.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	9/11/2006
Last Activity:	9/11/2006

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	No	Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

SUSAN A. MATTHEWS
4037 Buckley Drive
Fort Gratiot, MI 4*059

*10-3*5-71*3
Email: mailto:sjtmatthews*yahoo.com

sjtmatthews*yahoo.com


BACKGROUND SUMMARY

Experienced accounting professional who can produce positive results with minimal
supervision. Proven ability to interface and communicate with all levels of
employees in an administrative environment.


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

WOMAN'S LIFE INSURANCE SOCIETY, Port Huron, MI 2006
Woman's Life Insurance Society is a fraternal benefit society selling life
insurance and annuities in 40 states with 55 home office employees.

Application Support Specialist
Support application software running in an integrated Windows based network
environment.

Assisted in identifying application software requirements and recommending
appropriate purchases and utilization.

Participate in the development of implementation plans for the installation of
new software products. Assist in the implementation process and the creation
of supporting documentation.

Assisted in maintaining the integrity of the network environment by ensuring the
adequacy of system security, and software upgrades/fixes.

HUNTSMAN LLC, Marysville MI 1999-2006
Huntsman is a global manufacturer and marketer of differentiated and commodity
chemicals. Huntsman today has over 11 thousand employees, 57 operations in 22
countries and had 2004 revenues of $11.5 billion.

Desktop and LAN Support 2001-2006
Handled all issues for hardware and software implementation and upgrades for
the
Site. Received this position after being with the company less than two
years.

Resolved all trouble tickets for LAN and desktop hardware, software, printers and
phone system issues thru a call tracking system.

Coordinated and completed migration of entire site (100 pc's) to new XP operating
system including loading and testing of all software applications on new
operating system.

Responsible for system back up tapes and performed all phone system changes and
back ups.

Procurement of computers, printers and related equipment.
Helped prepare yearly IT budget.

Maintained site inventory of all computer related equipment.
Scheduled and managed work with outside vendors for IT and phone system.
Received an Employee Recognition Award for handling the LAN administrative
duties for 3 months unsupervised six months after accepting the position.

Susan A. Matthews Page 2.

HUNTSMAN LLC, Marysville, MI

Administrative Assistant 1999-2006

Assist the Operations, Laboratory, and Shipping departments with miscellaneous
clerical duties.

Handled invoicing/bookings for all shipments out of the plant.
Preparation of product letters of certification for every shipment out of the
plant.

Timekeeping for 40 employees.

Handled travel arrangements for employees
Planned, scheduled, and setup for meetings
Maintained ISO 9001 documentation for above departments.
Production number reporting through various interfaces.
Coordinated office supply ordering for all departments.
Balance office supply account monthly with American Express statement.
Received an Employee Recognition Award for maintaining the Quality Assurance
position with minimal supervision less than a year after obtaining the AA
position.

TECH DIVISION OF CONTAINER GRAPHICS, Marysville, MI 1996-1999
Die mold maker for cardboard container graphics along with innovative laser
cutting for multiple products. Tech was a division of Container Graphics which
is located in Toledo, Ohio.

Administrative Assistant

Handled all aspects of invoicing.

Complete processing of all accounts payable invoices, check writing, and weekly
checkbook balancing, supply ordering, mailings.

Timekeeping for 25 employees, weekly payroll entry in computer system, answering
phones, and various other job duties.

WIRTZ MANUFACTURING, INC, Port Huron, MI 1990-1995
Die maker for rubber injection molding and maker of battery components. Wirtz
had three plants totaling over 150 employees.

Billing/Payroll/Accounts Payable

Handled invoicing for all plants and document preparation for letters of credit
Timekeeping for 75 employees
Accounts payable
Various month end reports


EDUCATION

Associates of Applied Science, Computer Networking, Baker College, Port Huron, MI
2002
Certified Novell Administrator Certification, Troy, MI 1999

Recent Activity
FoldersManage Folders
Save To Folder Save Resume To Folder...
This resume has not been saved to folder
My TagsManage Tags
+Add Tag
Review Candidate
My Flags:
Good Candidate
Needs Further Review
Unacceptable
My Rating:

Hiring Stage:

Notes:


Review History
No Reviews Found


Help Customer Service: *00-*91-***0Sales: *77-FILL-A-JOB (*77-345-5256)
CareerBuilder Info
About Us
Work at CareerBuilder
Affiliate Program
Advertising Info
Privacy
Fraud
Terms & Conditions
Connect via Social Media
Employers and Recruiters
Employers Home
Post a Job
Resource Center
Source & Screen
Recruitment Software
Empowering Employment
The Hiring Site (Blog and Articles)
Employer Sales: *77-FILL-A-JOB
CareerBuilder International
United Kingdom
Canada
Germany
France
Netherlands
Sweden
Greece
India
Spain
See All International
Partner Sites
AOL.com
USAToday.com
Univision.com
Tribune Company
McClatchy Company
Gannett Company
Full Partner List
